Using KaTeX in docs (#352)
rust-bio/rust-bio: README.md

* the Rust [documentation conventions](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/1574-more-api-documentation-conventions.html#appendix-a-full-conventions-text)
* the Rust [API documentation guidelines](https://rust-lang.github.io/api-guidelines/documentation.html)

> #### About variable names and mathematical expressions

Reviewer: I would skip the `About` here, to shorten a bit:
```suggestion
#### variable names and mathematical expressions
```

> * When referring to a variable as an arguments of the function or a field of the struct, put backticks (`` ` ``) around it.
> * Otherwise, put dollar signs (`$`) around it (i.e. making it a LaTeX expression).
> * In general, use LaTeX for math expressions (especially when writing "big-O" complexities)
> * For simple expressions, especially those containing function argument/struct field names, using backticks is recommended.

Reviewer: Merging the first and last row, and the second and third row for brevity:
```suggestion
* For mathematical expressions in doc strings (e.g. for "big-O" notation), you can use LaTeX syntax in between dollar signs (e.g. `$O(n)$`) in-line.
* For simple expressions that refer to a variable as an argument of a function or to a field of a struct, using backticks (`\`field_1 and var_x\``) is recommended.
```

```rust
/// Calculate the number of combinations when choosing
/// `k` elements from `n` elements without replacement.
///
/// Time complexity: $O(\min(k, n - k))$
pub fn combinations(n: u64, k: u64) -> f64 {
    scaled_combinations(n, k, 1.0)
}
```

In the next example, none of the variables *n*, *k* and *w* used in the space complexity expression matches any field names of the struct `BitEnc`, so we need to define explicitly. Simple expressions like `width = 7` and `4 * 7 = 28` are enclosed in backticks.

```rust
/// A sequence of bitencoded values.
///
/// Space complexity: $O(\dfrac{nw}{k})$; specifically $\Big\lceil\dfrac{nw}{k}\Big\rceil \times 32$
/// bits, where $w$ is `width`, $n$ is the length of the input
/// sequence, and $k = 32 - (32 \mod w)$ is the number of bits in each
/// 32-bit block that can be used to store values.
/// For values that are not a divider of 32, some bits will remain unused.
/// For example for `width = 7` only `4 * 7 = 28` bits are used.
#[derive(Serialize, Deserialize, PartialEq, Eq, Hash)]
pub struct BitEnc {
    storage: Vec<u32>,
    width: usize,
    mask: u32,
    len: usize,
    usable_bits_per_block: usize,

> }

Reviewer: These examples are great, but a bit lengthy. Maybe we can either shorten them or replace them with links to the respective code, so that users can have a look at them for good templates?

Author: How about making a separate `CONTRIBUTING.md` to avoid cluttering `README.md`, while not losing information? Variable formatting conventions aren't something I would expect in  `README.md` in the first place. In the future there may be more guidelines, such as "where to put references" and "how to format references"
